ClioAI Issues and New features

Issues
1. The timeout for the transcribe request is 10s, which is too short sometimes, causing a timeout error.
2. Check the audio setting with the speaker; it gets an error when set to the speaker set on program startup.
3. Local CleanUp and Summarize was sending the remote model name. 
4. Logo on the about tab needs to be changed to a high-res image or maybe SVG 

New Feature 
1. Implement a timestamp for the audio packets and improve the buffering scheme. 
2. Set audio chunk size to fixed 30 sec for local transcribe mode. 
3. Add text box for local model name in "Cleanup" and "Summarize" tabs.
4. For testing, enable ways to load text into the text window to send it to the model without having to transcribe. 
5. Integrate both WhisperAPI and LlamaAPI servers to ClioAI. 
   Whisper will load when "Start" is clicked. 
   Recording can start with a slight delay. (few sec.)
   Add a Whisper signaling indication that the light turns green call SST Speech To Text.  (red not loaded)
   Detect when Whisper is loaded via the Windows System API or /V1/Status endpoint.
   When the first chunk of audio is ready to send (30 sec) and Whisper is still not loaded, Error out and discard the audio chunk. 
   When "Stop" is clicked, immediately end the current chunk and send for transcribing. 
   Only unload Whisper until the last audio chunk in the buffer completes its transcription.
   Add a Llama signaling indicator (LLM) just like Whisper Green/Red
   Detect when Llama is loaded via the Windows System API or /V1/Status endpoint.
   When "CleanUp" or "Summarize" is clicked, determine if LLM model is loaded, send a request, else start Llama to load the LLM.  
   While Llama is starting, show a progress bar as feedback for the user. Message "Loading model {model name}"
   When the request is sent, show a progress bar and message "This process could take a few minutes, please be patient. " 
6. Add ClioAi logo to the footer of the HTML output before the ClioAi 
 
 
WhisperAPI
Issues
1. Startup lag on the first request. 

New Feature
1. Implement time stamp to match ClioAI 

LlamaAPI
Issues
1. Model name mismatch from ClioAI - Fix by ignoring the model name now, since hot swap is not implemented currently. 

New Features
1. Hot swapping model 
2. Testing exe where a text file can be send to the model to check the context window